I'll make sure the president is I headed
to Vietnam this is an historic visit his
bone spurs have healed up is finally
able to set his tender pink feet on
vietnamese soil and the reason he's
going well while you Vietnam in Vietnam
Trump is expected to meet with the
Russian President Vladimir Putin who
just happens to be visiting there too
you know this would be Trump's third
meeting with Putin he Trump has spent
more quality time with Vladimir Putin
than he has with Baron this year so but
we want to get some insight I was
wondering what they're going to be
meeting about so we reached out to his
top presidential adviser Kellyanne
Conway who joins us now from Washington
hello Kellyanne and another Chardonnay
oh hi Jimmy hi how you doing are you at
a party Kellyanne yes we're still
celebrating the one-year anniversary of
Donald Trump's landslide electoral
victory over crooked
[Applause]
I hate to interrupt your party but I
just wanted to get your take on the
president's meeting tomorrow in Vietnam
fine but before I give you that I think
president Trump deserves an apology
an apology from whom from all the
liberal losers who said that he tried to
get out of going to Vietnam he's going
he's there okay happy now
oh well yeah with all due respect I
think John McCain went to Vietnam too
and guess what he didn't get captured
oh that's Kellyanne do you know how
painful bone spurs in the foot are Jimmy
no I don't know I know it's very painful
oh okay it's more painful than watching
three hours of Anderson Cooper okay well
Kellyanne what I was alone what's this
your knee ringer
no thank you wait a minute was that
Lester we're gonna get sued by the
Willie Tyler estate now tell me Kelly
yet what are the president in Boonton
gonna be let's get back on track what
are they going to be talking about at
this meeting tomorrow well let's just
say everything is on the table all right
what does that mean
what do you think it means I don't know
what it means I was thinking new you
have you ever seen a table yes put
something on a table
yes I've put things on tables okay now
just picture everything that's not
actually helpful at all you're not very
helpful Oh shrimp cocktails yeah okay
you know what I feel like we caught you
at a bad time Kellyanne so it's a bad
time for you but not for me for me it's
a great time who wants to get wasted
all right Thank You Kelly an Italian
song man
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy